Sqw design (#127)
pace-neutrons/Horace: documentation/add/07-sqw_redesign.md

### Operations

#### Generate SQW file

Combine multiple experiment [data files](http://horace.isis.rl.ac.uk/Input_file_formats)  (pairs of legacy `.spe` and `.par` files, or `.nxspe` files from Mantid) into a single SQW object. 

1) `.nxspe` / `.spe` (per-run) data files are converted to intermediate `.sqw`-format data files. Pixel data is ordered by "image pixel" buckets

2) Intermediate files are combined on a image-pixel bucket basis to produce the final `.sqw` file. There is *no aggregation of signal/err data* in this step.

#### Read/Write

- Read the file data, but not pixel data

- Read the pixel data or an m-dimensional cut of the pixel data
- Read the pixel data corresponding to specific image pixels
- Write the pixel data for specific image pixels
- Write all pixel data
- Support for legacy Horace file format and 'new' NeXus / HDF5 format (TBI)
- Display data to console (1)
- Export data to ASCII file (1)

**Notes**
(1): What data subset of should be displayed at the console or in an text  export file?

#### Data manipulation

- Implement basic arithmetic operations on object data. 

- Cut -- extract a N-dimensional subset of pixels

> - Projection -- aggregate pixel data onto an M-dimensional surface (M<N). This should support projections onto planes and spherical shells (TBI) and spiral slices (TBI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Projection -- aggregate pixel data onto an M-dimensional surface (M &ge; 0). This should support projections onto planes and spherical shells (TBI) and spiral slices (TBI).
```
I don't think that we want to restrict to dimensional reducing projections. A reorientation is a projection with `M` &equiv; `N` and 'extra' dimensional projections will have `M` > `N`
